---
sequence: 1
imdbId: tt0082245
date: 2025-01-27
slug: deadly-blessing-1981
medium: Blu-ray
venue: null
venueNotes: null
mediumNotes: Arrow, 2017
---

In this 2013 commentary moderated by David Gregory, director Wes Craven proves both entertaining and informative.

He reveals the film was shot in Texas--a few hours outside Dallas. The overcast skies were due to unseasonably cold temperatures--"freezing" according to Craven. Interesting, as you’d never know it from the performances on screen which betray no hint of discomfort despite the short sleeves. One scene featuring a jogging character even conveys a sense of heat as she appears to be sweating.

While Craven, who came out of New York, has nothing but good things to say about the local Texas crew’s execution and ability to adapt, he also shares how they cheered the day John Lennon was assassinated.

Craven also used locals to fill out the cast, including the Hittite kids. Craven’s ability to cast for type shines here, as they all look the part and prove convincing without requiring lots of dialogue or screentime.

At various moments, Craven falls into silence, perhaps caught up in the film, but Gregory proves quick to prompt him with a relevant question. This may have led to some post-production editing, as the commentary falls out-of-sync with the on-screen action during the barn sequence, leading to Craven talking about one spider while the film’s showing another--an unusual gaffe for a veteran company like Arrow. This issue corrects itself shortly after the sequence, however.

For the memorable bathtub scene, Craven admits to stealing it for <span data-imdb-id="tt0087800">_A Nightmare on Elm Street_</span>, and reveals he stole the bit about having the girl place a washrag over her face from <span data-imdb-id="tt0074860">_Marathon Man_</span>.

Turning to the script, Craven reveals that he was raised fundamentalist Baptist and thus had firsthand experience in strict religious societies. In an included interview from 2011, he talks about how he was first brought on to polish the script, and how--though the final script didn't reflect his vision--his changes incorporated more religious aspects.

Looking back, Craven views the film dispassionately as a work-for-hire effort. While he acknowledges the studio mandates--like Sharon Stone's casting--limited his creative control, he owns his decisions without making excuses.

The commentary ends on an endearing note as Craven apologizes for the film's ludicrous coda, a moment that should make fans smile.
