---
sequence: 89
date: 2017-05-01
imdb_id: tt4954522
title: Raw (2016)
grade: D+
slug: raw-2016
---

I was fine with the cannibalism, but everything else irked me.

_Raw_ stars Garance Marillier as Justine, a young woman entering veterinarian college. On her first night, a hazing ritual sees masked men invade the dorms and force the freshmen to march and crawl—half dressed—across the campus. I couldn’t believe how the students reacted. No one asserted themselves or fought back. Maybe it’s a cultural thing (it’s a French film) but the herd imagery felt too pointed.

The plot kicks in when another hazing ritual forces Justine—a lifelong vegetarian—to try meat. This first taste unlocks an insatiable craving for human flesh.

On the surface, _Raw_ is about Justine discovering and battling her cannibalistic urges. But writer/director Julia Ducournau positions cannibalism as a metaphor for escaping overbearing parents, discovering one’s sexuality, defending animal rights, and struggling to escape an older sibling’s shadow.

Juggling so many metaphors leaves little time for subtlety. It’s frustrating. Several scenes made me uncomfortable but said discomfort felt manipulative and obnoxious. Other scenes fall apart upon reflection. Some scenes do both. The night following her first taste of meat, Justine awakens covered in huge itchy welts with swaths of her skin peeling off in dry sheets. She yawns and goes back to sleep.

Still, _Raw_ has its strengths. The cinematography grabbed my attention from the opening shot, and the performances convince to the degree the script allows.

But I just couldn’t buy it. For a film desperate to frame its genre elements as a serious conceit, too many details strained credibility. Justine as a cannibal? Sure. But a campus full of kids not glued to their smartphones? Preposterous.