In the aftermath of the Civil War, former Union soldier Yellowleg (Keith) is hunting Rebel soldier Turk who tried to scalp him on the battlefield. He finds him a nameless frontier saloon, gasping for air while being hanged for cheating by a group of poker players. Not willing to be denied his revenge, Yellowleg frees Turk and convinces him and his trigger-happy friend Billy (Cochran) to help him rob the bank in Gila City Arizona. The men arrive in town, but find another group of outlaws already robbing the bank. As the robbers make their escape, Yellowleg tries shoot one, but misses due to an old wound and accidentally shoots the son of dance hall girl Kit (O'Hara). Kit insists her son be buried in Sirango with his father, but Sirango is located in Apache territory and it's all but certain she won't make it alone. Torn between his desire for revenge and his guilt, Yellowleg forces his two companions to join Kit's trek.

Set in the early 19th century, the film opens with French Lieutenant Andre Duvalier (Nicholson) wandering the coastline lost, having been separated from his unit for some time. He spies a mysterious woman (Knight) who leads him to fresh water. Duvalier tries to talk to the woman, but she seems to appear and disappear at will. He chases her into the sea, where he's attached by a hawk and passes out only to wake up in the small home of an old woman and her mute servant. Duvalier questions the old woman about the girl, but the old woman says he's imagining things. Duvalier sees the girl again in the forest that night, where she tries to lead him into quicksand. Duvalier is saved by the not-quite-so-mute servant who directs Duvalier to the castle of the Baron Von Leppe (Karloff) saying that the girl is possessed and bound to the castle. Duvalier makes his way to the castle where the Baron at first denies any knowledge of the girl, then cops to the truth: she's the ghost of his wife, whom he murdered twenty years prior after returning home from war to find her in bed with another man. Duvalier, now obsessed with the girl, doesn't buy the supernatural twist, and thinks he can take her away. "They're doing some wonderful things in Paris" he says. But the girl is under the influence of the old woman, who has a score to settle with the Baron that can only end in death.

As near as I can figure, the Baron's daughter was hypnotized by the old woman into posing as the ghost of the Baron's wife. There's a scene where the Baron's servant goes to see the old woman and sees her with the girl, but the scene's never mentioned again.
The ending's twists are more likely to elicit a groan than a gasp, with an improbable identity swap, and bizarre supernatural twist bookending a disappointing finale that consists of little more than Karloff and Knight choking each other in shoulder-deep water.

During Prohibition, the Bondurant brothers run a modest distilling business in Franklin County, Virginia. The eldest brother, Forest (Hardy), is a soft-spoken bull of a man who understands the measure of a man as how far he's willing to go to achieve his goals, middle brother Howard (Clarke) is a violent lush, while the youngest and smallest, Jack (LaBeouf) dreams of becoming a gangster. Forest content selling to the locals (including the police) has no great ambitions of becoming a liquor baron, but things turn bloody when the Commonwealth Attorney tries to squeeze the bootleggers for a cut of their profits, leading to a series of violent clashes between the brothers and
